---
title: 托福口语TASK1 语料库
date: 2025-03-15
categories:
    - 学英语
tags:
    - 托福
desc: TOFEL/托福考试n战资源整理，口语篇，偏自用化
---

本人整理 & b站/CC98等网络资源 & 新航道托福一对一学习资料，自用为主。

本文为**语料**，具体方法见经验帖。

语料不要死记硬背，重要的是素材的复用，以不变应万变！
<br>

# 万能理由

xx is the basement of/basic aim of xx is to...
xx should always override xx
快乐-add to enjoyment
boost one's self-esteem
collaborate and work toward the same goal
create a rich and vibrant learning environment
foster a sense of community in our class/neighborhood/society
fostering a community around reading
enhance friendship
pressure-工作、生活、城市化压力大 burden  be overwhelmed at work/be occupied with
serves as a wonderful escape from daily stress
after a long day at work, I often find solace in...
convenient- 网购、快递、购买食物还是自己做
only then can we entre the virtual circle/strike a balance between of work/study and life.
live a happier and healthier life.
continues to play a important role in our lives.


# 例题
以下为 **微信小程序-考拉托福** 的口语练习TPO1~54为主。
考拉判分均为27+

## 个人经历

>【TPO54】Some people say that childhood is the best time in a person's life. Other people disagree.

Agree.
It is the only time that a person can enjoy unconditional love and support from their parents.
eg when I was young I always mess up while doing housework, hardly can I even hold the broom well. It is my parents who taught me how to use the broom correctly, and encouraged me with great patience. In contrast, now I grow up and live far away from them, Overcoming all the obstacles on my own is the norm, which means great pressure.

有时间第二点 also freedom with no worries 
play soccer with friends->just running and lauging，cheer for every goals
now-> anxiety with work ,less free time

## 生活方式

>【TPO53】Extra money:spend right away or save

Prefer spend right away.
Although it is important to save for the rainy days,the basic aim of earning money is to live a better live.
eg last week I spent my part-time job salary on a trip to West Lake
view beautiful scenery which looks like delicate oil painting
go boating -> when paddling and feeling the gentle breeze->all worries and stress faded away
after the trip ->refreshed->devote to work -> finish job more effective

<br>

>【TPO52】Enjoy themselves at concerts or films or go with friends

Prefer with friends
go with friends can not only add to the excitement, but also enhance uor friendship
eg last week I go to cinema with my friends
discuss the plot and character, when it comes to scary part -> held each other's hand & scream together
after-> go for a dinner together ->exchange ideas about favortie part, sharing feelings from different aspects.->know each other better.

<br>

>【TPO50】have a wide variety of friends and acquaintances they can spend time with or spend most of their free time with the same samll group of close friends.

【复用TPO52】
Well, I prefer spend most of my free time with the small group of friends who is very close to me. The reason is that the quality of the friends should always override the quantity of the friends. It's much easier for us to maintain our friendship with a group of close friends who share the same interest with us, rather than get in touch with a variety of friends who seem verydifferent from us.
For example, both me and my small group enjoy movies, so we can talk about our favorite films, discuss character and plot,share our ideas from different aspects, which make us know each other more and definitely enhance our friendship.
In addition, a friend in needis a friend indeed, Only closer friends can help us when we in need, so I prefer close friends.

<br>


>【TPO48】 shop in large grocery stores and department stores or shop in small specialty stores

Prefer large grocery stores and department stores.
only in thses large shops canwe have a variety products to choose. 
eg last week I shopped in the big grocery store Walmart.->
only in that one trip I bought evreything I need,from daily food like cheese to electronic products like earphones.
->convenient and efficient->save my time and  transportation fee.
In addition->offer membership discounts
eg in the shopping trip I mentioned above, my membership card save me 20 dollars,which was really a good deal.
`
<br>

>【TPO42】some people prefer live in big city, other living in countryside, away from urban areas.which do you think is better?

country side.
Living in the countryside has numerous advantages that contribute to a better quality of life. 
Firstly, the fresh air and natural surroundings promote physical health. For instance, I often go hiking in the mountains, which not only strengthens my body but also allows me to enjoy the beauty of nature. In contrast, in urban areas, it's common to see air pollusion, which make me cough a lot.
Additionally, the slower pace of life in the countryside reduces stress levels. I can spend my weekends gardening or walking by the river, which makes me refreshed and helps me recharge. 

<br>

>【TPO36】buy prepared food or prepare meal themselves.

Buy prepared food.
prepared food are made by professional workers, it's not only delicious but also quite convenient. In contrast, **I totally lack the talent for cooking**. Last time, I tried to make pizza on my own. However, I had no idea how to put the ingredients in the dough, and baked for too long. As it is, it turned out to be a mess, finally I ordered prepared pizza that could be dilivered to the door, which was still warm and soft, with plenty of vegetables and meat on it when I got it.It was much more tasty and time-saving, then I decided to buy prepared food all the time in the future.

<br>

>【TPO25】shop only when they have a specific purchase to make vs shopping for pleasure

Shopping for pleasure.
I prefer shopping for pleasure because it allows me to escape from the fast-paced life we all lead. /serve as an escape from the fast-paced life
Last week->tired->shopping->explored various stalls filled with unique crafts and delicious food. 
After this wonderful shopping trip->all worries faded away->refreshed->virtual circle of wlb

**Shopping can be a delightful experience, not just about buying items but also about enjoying the atmosphere.** 
For instance, last weekend, I went to a local market with a friend, we explored various stalls filled with unique crafts and delicious food. 
The vibrant colors and made us feel connected to the community.
Additionally,shopping for pleasure helps me discover new trends and ideas for future purchases,It’s exciting to anticipate what I might want to buy later,making each shopping trip anadventure.
Overal,shopping for pleasure enriches my life and brings joy.

<br>

>【TPO19】buy items online and from magazines or catalogs or shopping in a store

1.Shopping in a store
【refresh 素材复用TPO25】

2.online
convenient time saving->
eg buy sth from a shop far away from home->only need to stay at home,browsing the Internet, click the mouse->the item will be delivered to the door next day.
save money->
offer special discounts->
eg black Friday discounts->save me 50 dollars->made my day

<br>

>【TPO8】Some people enjoy taking risks and trying new things. Others are not adventurous: they are cautious and prefer to avoid danger.

I prefer try new things. 
The reason is that an adventurous life can lead to fulfillment and personal growth, which will be definitely beneficial in the future.
To ellaborate, I want to talk about my first experience of skydiving.
At first I felt very nervous with legs trembling, because of the high altitude. 
However, I whispered to myself to be brave,took a deep breath and then, boldly stepped forward. 
Finally, I made it with great proud, which let me know only if I trust myself and overcome the fear, could I make an accomplishment. 
Later on, that knowledge encourages me to pursue other challenges ,contributing to my success in many aspects in daily life, such as academic and job performance.
Thus, I firmly hold the belief that..

<br>

>【TPO6】Some people have one career throughout their lives. Other people do different kinds of work at different points in their lives.

Having one career throughout life has several advantages. 
Firstly, it allows individuals to become highly skilled in their field, which can lead to promotions and greater job opportunities.
For example, a teacher who dedicates their life to education can develop innovative teaching methods and build strong relationships with students and parents.
Secondly,staying in the same company fosters a sense of community and support among colleagues.
Over the years,these relationships can provide emotional and professional support during challenging times. 
eg, my colleagues confort me/guide me when ...


## 教育学习

>Teachers should encourage students to have class discussion.

 Well,I support teachers regularly requiring students to participate in classroom discussions. First of all, classroom discussion can help students acquire knowledge faster. When students organize language and make speeches, they can pay more attention to whether their logic is rigorous and whether they have fully understood the knowledge, so as to carry out supplementary learning. Second, in the process of discussion, different viewpoints often emerge. Students may learn to listen to others, express themselves, and embrace new perspectives during debate. With the active guidance of teachers, students also
 have the opportunity to learn extracurricular knowledge. Therefore, I support this
 statement.

<br>

>【TPO49】Some teachers think that it is important for studentsto sit in assigned seats, that is, to sit in the same place every day in class. Other teachers think that students should be allowed to choose where they wil sit. andthey allow them to sit in different seats on different days.

Prefer choose
not only improve academic performance but also foster a sense of community in the class
one day sit nearby a student good at math->solve complex problems
another day sit nerby a studnet have a good command of history->analyze reading material, excahnge ideas from different aspects on history event
have a deeper understanding of the subject meanwhile enhance their firendship.

<br>   

>【TPO44】 primary schools should no longer teach children how to write by hand, and instead should spend time teaching them how to typeon a computer or it is still important for schools to teach children to have good hand writing. 

focus on teaching student how to type rather than how to write by hand.
The reason is that the typing skills cannot only improve the students' academic performance but also equip them with essential skills they need for their future job.
For example, a student who have learned how to type can search the information he wants on the internet, where there are a vast number of materials he can get access to.-> get better scores in essential tests.
In addition, nowadays great companies such as amazon and meta wanted great candidates who have skilled digital problems solving abilities, which means if they learn how to type quickly when they're young, they will  gain more job opportunities in thefuture.

<br>

>【TPO43】Some students attend colege full-time, while othersattend college part-time. 
Well, I prefer to attend college part time. 
The reason is that only then can we acquire not only the theoretical knowledge from the university classes, but also the practical skills we need for our future job.
nowadays,the competition in the job market have become increasingly fierce, only with the internship experience can we get our dream job's offer.
eg,one of my friends learned how to manage the budget and arrange meeting when she doing her internship at a big company and attend college part-time the sametime. At last she managed to get her dream job via this precious experience. 
In addition, The college tuition fee can be a great burden for students,If you attend an internship part-time. you can earn money and release your monentary pressure.

<br>

>【TPO41】Some people believe it is important for universities to provide funding for student entertainment, such as movies or concerts on campus. Others believe thatuniversity money should only be used for academic purposes.

Well, I believe it is essential for university to provide funding for students' entertainment. 
The reason is that it not only benefit their physical helth, but their mental health as well. As we all know, nowadays, students burden quite a lot stress finishing their heavy load of assignments. They may staring at the screen, cramming for exam in the library all day, which will cause them to be near-sighted and obeses.
Entertainment such as sports can help them to keepfit,which is really good to their physical health.
In addition, many students may feel frustrated by the stress, Entertainment such as watching a movie can serve as an escape from daily pressure, wihch can boost their confidence and alleviate their worries, help them to be refreshed and devote to their academic work later.

<br>

>【TPO39】school assignment, prefer write a long report or give a speech in front of a large group of people?

Give a speech
foster the skill of public speaking,which can prepare me for the keen competition in future's job market.
eg in one speech, I learned that when delivering a speech, It is essential to have eye contact with my audience and speak louder in front of them. This trick really boosts my confidence, and even helps me to obtain my dream job's offer later.
In addition, speeches **allows for** immediate feedback, as listeners can ask question right away, which not only benefits the academic performance of the whole class, but also creates a dynamic learning environment.


<br>

>【TPO38】more enjoyable for students to read works of fiction（novels / stories）than nonfiction. Agree or disagree?

Agree.
【复用阅读素材】
It's universlly acknowledged that students often burden heavy workload of assignments , while reading fascinating fiction can **serve as a wonderful escape from daily stress**. For instance, one day, **after a long day at school, I felt frustated with my test score, then I turned the pages of the novel "Harry Potter"** ,which immediately transported me to briliant magical worlds (with spells and broomsticks). The book not only cheered me up, but also let me forget all the worries.->refreshed -> devote to the study more efficiently  next day.
Additionally, the fiction is often full of imaginary plots, which can foster students'ability to imagine.Just as Einstein puts"Logic can bring you from A to B, but imagination can bring you everywhere", imagination is able to cultivate the innovation capability,which will definitely benefits them in the future.

<br>

>【TPO37】students will learn more if the teacher is kind and friendly

Agree.
A kind teacher can not only boost student's confidence, but also foster their interest in that subject, which will ultimately improve their academic performance.
Eg, I used to get bad grades in chemistry, I couldn't figure out how the chemical quation works and was too shy to ask questions. However, my teacher was always smiling, comforting and encouraging me even if I got those compounds totally wrong. Gradually, I became more willing to go to her office to ask quetions, meanwhile, studied chemistry even harder. Finally, I obtained full marks in the final exam. I'm greatly thankful to her kindness.
Nonetheless, if she is a strict teacher, maybe I'll still struggle with this subject.

<br>

>【TPO35】A university's academic reputation is the most important thing a student should consider in deciding which university to attend?

Agree.
the basic goal of a student to attend a university is to prepare for their future job.
First off,Attending  a reputable university often means access to distinguished faculties and alumni who are leaders in their fields. For instance, a student at Harvard might gain opportunity to intern in promising companies in Wall street through an alumni party.
Moreover, a strong academic reputation itself attracts top employers, leading to better job placements. For example, graduates form prestigious institutions like Stanford, often stand out in the keen competition of job market and ultimatel, find themselves in high-paying roles in companies such as Google or Amazon.

<br>

>【TPO30】 Parents should be involved in the process of helping their children to choose a career. Agree or disagree?

Agree.
Children->young and naive->have no idea about what to do, as well as the keen competition in the job markets.
It is their parents who are knowledgeable that can guide them with correct options.
Eg, After I graduate from high school->my parents help me analyze my pros and cons->plan...
->choose major->social network intern->personal advices how to deal with work pressure
now I success->appreciate

<br>

>【TPO27】parents should be involved in the process of helping their children to choose a university?

Agree.
【可以复用TPO30，再改改理由】
Parents play a crucial role in helping their children choose a university. 
First, they can provide valuable insights based on their own experiences and knowledge of the education system. 
For instance, parents can guide their children in identifying their strenaths and weaknesses,
which is essential for making informed decisions.
Additionally, parents can help their children explore various universities,
considering factors such as location, campus culture, and available programs. 
eg...My parents...
I really appreciate my parents' decision.
Thus, I firmly believe that...





<br>

>【TPO29】study in public places where there are other people around vs study in places where there are few or no people around

No people around
focus->finish assignments more efficiently
eg prepare for a math exam in a quiet library with no body around->find it easy to stay calm->give my whole attention to figure out sophisticated equations.
In that peaceful environment, I finish reviewing 2 textbooks only in one afternoon->obtained full marks
However->have to study with my nauty brother besides me->who running around in the room, screaming with excitement
-> Hardly can I absorb any concepts in my textbook because of the noise and interruption-> failled the exam.

<br>

>【TPO22】Children should be required to learn practical skills in school, such as cooking or personal inance inaddition to academic subjects.

Agree.
contribute to personal growth in the future
eg save for the rainy days/manage salary, the trick always remember to save at least 20% benefit me a lot
help me to buy my own car->appreciate this course
In contrast->may fall into the pit of credit debt->which is a bad outcome
Therefore...

<br>

>【TPO17】studens should not be allowed to bring cell phones into classroom

Agree.
1.attracts them to addicted
tired->take out the phone to play video games->he will not pay attention to the teacher's instrction, 
but also influence other students, make them be distracted->damages the learning atmosphere of the whole class.

2. academic dishonesty
eg in exam->use the phone to search the right answers->send emails to classmate to ask for help->harm academic fairness


<br>

>【TPO12】it's essential for a person's education to learn to play a musical instrument

Agree.
foster a diligent personality
eg practice piano->at first could not play the scale fluently,let alone beautiful melodies
practice the basic skills for an hour, then repeated unfamiliar passage for several times until finally managed the music
this experience contributes to my characteristic, as a result, I made a lot of achievements in academic fields with persistence.
Therefore, I really appreciate...

cultivate the ability to appreciate beauty.
refresh and recharge.

<br>

>【TPO10】students are required to learn a second language at school

Agree.
I definitely agree that children should berequired to learn a second language in school. 
The reason is that being bilingual can help students to communicate with people from diverse backarounds and enable them to make more foreign friends.
(broaden their horizon in that cultural, making them open up to the world. )
For example, my school has a compulsory class that teaches us Japanese speaking and writing skills. 
After having a good command of language, I can make friends with Japanese people who share the same interest with me on the Internet. 
Every week we watch the same anime, talking about the plot and characters from different cultrual aspects and sharing our own thoughts about them,
which not only deepen my understanding of their culture, but also alleviate my pressure, contributes to an improvement in my work efficiency later.
In contrast, if I haven't learn this second language at school, hardly can I secure such wonderful experience.
Thus->appreciate->and firmly hold the belief

<br>

>【TPO7】 Learning through online courses is more **effective** than learning in the traditional classroom setting.

1.prefer online courses
online videos are very vivid,->focus what the teachers tips 
for example, thanks to the booming growth of technology, nowadays,
teacher can add backaround music to their videos, as well as put detailed explanation in the plot
which can help student to have a better understanding. ->efficiency
In addition->can watch the online courses whenever they can and replay it whenever they want. 
For example,once I was confused when I watching an online course for the first time
->stopped and repeated the video several times until finally figured it out.


2. prefer traditional
eg distractions->to be addicted
pay attention to the instrctions in traditional classrooms where we can interact with teacher with immediate feedback.
->absorb the concepts efficiently->get full marks.
In contrast, watching online courses browsing the internet, even play online video games->less efficiency->result in bad academic performance.
Therefore

<br>

>【TPO5】Some students prefer to work on class assianments by themselves.Others believe it is better to work in a group.

I believe work on class assignments in a groupis a better way. 
make friends/efficiency
eg last time history assignment->task is to finish reading 5000 pages of materials and have a presnetation of project
break into several parts->analyze oursleves' strengths and shortcomings,pick one part that can miximize our potential->
I'm good at speaking->pre, Amy is shy but excelled in writing->write the project
finish it 3 days before ddl->achieve full marks.
not only deepen our understanding of the knowledge,but also deepen our friendship.

<br>

>【TPO3】Some college students choose to take courses in avariety of subject areas in order to get a broad education. Others choose to focus on a sinale subjectarea in order to have a deeper understanding of that area.

I believe that focusing on a single subject area is thebetter approach for students. 
By concentrating on one field,students can develop a deeper understanding of complex concepts and skils.
For instance,in cs, learn from data strcuture to computer operating systems. Deepen understanding of the whole computer & Enhance coding skills 
This focused study alows students to engage in intricate projects, such as designing a large machine-learning system, which can lead to innovative solutions.


## 社会话题

>【TPO51】18 year old are not mature enough to vote

Disagree.
They have already finish high school courses like politics and economics->equipped them with enough knowledge to vote.
in this era of technology, it is the younger generation who have more opportunity and willingness to explore the political news on the internet. apart from that they can follow their favorite candidates on twitter ou insgram->comment about events,interact with each other
Thus, I firmly believe that 18 year old can bring new power to our democratic politic system and they should be engaged in voting.

<br>

>【TPO47】agree or disagree  in the future people will read fewer books than today

Disagree.
One reason is the enduring appeal of physical books; many readers cherish the tactile experience of turningpages.
Additionally, in this fast-pased world/we're all in this fast world racing against the clock, reading **serves as a wonderful escape from daily stress**. For instance, **after a long day at work, I often find solace in novels like "Harry Potter"** ,which transport me to mgaical worlds and let me forget all the worries.->refreshed devote to work next day
Furthermore,the rise of e-books allows for more accessibility,encouraging diverse reading habits. Many people are also joining bookclubs, fostering a community around reading. ->share ideas about plot and characters from different aspect（复用和朋友看电影的语料）->enhance friendship add to the entertainment
Thus **I believe that the love for reading wil continue to thrive,adapting to new formats while maintaining its essential joy.**
选两点展开 我倾向于 1.压力 2.社交

<br>

>【TPO46】 people today have healthier lifestyle than 100 years ago

Disagree.
physically:
nowadays live a sidentary life -> sit in front of desk and staring at te screen
eat fast food -> rich in oil and fat->become obese
vs: 100 yrs ago tend to eat organic food and exercise more 
mentally:
now heavy work load -> stressed out
vs 100 yrs ago that's not that much to worry about


<br>

>【TPO45】 artists and musicians are important to a society

【注意对象，society,不是个人】
Agree.
they can foster a sense of community with love and hope.
eg in pandedemic time->art works and music pieces that encouraged us to go through the hard time of lock down and recovered to live a better life in the future
community events like local concerts and art fairs bring people together,->folk artwork ->proud of our own culture ->create a sense of belonging.


inspire change and raise awareness about social issues.
eg some street artists （Banksy）'s work often comments on political injustices, calling for refection, which contributes to social progress.

>【TPO40】Some people think that materials printed on paper such as books and newspapers. will one day be replaced by electronic versions of those materials Others believe that printed materials wil always be popular.

I agree with the point that the electronic versions of materials will prevail.
The reason is that it is not only convenient but also environmental friendly. With the rapid growth of technology, nowadays, we have a lot of devices such as kindle, tablet which can store a large volume of books in such a tiny place. If I want to go on a journey with a book of one thousand page, hardly can I carry a paper version. 
However,the ebook version is really convenient,I can read the book whenever I wantand, and make notes immediately.
In addition. The ebooks are environmental friendly, for we need to use less paper, which means we can cut down less trees. This will definitely benefit our ecosystems.

<br>

>【TPO34】Private cars should not be allowed in the city centers or large cities. agree or disagree?

Disagree.
Private cars can serve as the most convenient and time saving choice for cummuters compared with public transportation like bus and railways.
Eg, in rush hours, I can get to my office within 20mins taking the private car without worrying anything.
However,【虚拟语气】 if I took the bus, I would have to queue for a long time until finally bump into it. Moreover, the bus must have many stops where I would have to wait others getting off and on, which will definitely lead to my being late and make me frustrated.



<br>

>【TPO33】eating healthier food is easier or more difficult today than it was 40 or 50 years ago?

Difficult.
fast pased->tend to buy fast-food and prepackged food that is high in calorie but low in essential nutrients.
Eg, everyday, I only have a one-hour lunch break, as a result, I aways ordered fastfood that can be delivered to my office quickly.Although I know it's full of fat and oil, hardly can I spare any time to buy and cook fresh vegetables.
In contrast, in the past->live a leisurely live->have sufficient time to make healthier dishes.


<br>

>【TPO32】Children should receive momney for doing household tasks such as cleaning. agree or disagree?

Agree.
money can serve as a great incentive to encourage them to share more responsibilty, and help them foster a diligent personality.
eg I used to be unwilling to do any chores until my parents promised me one dollar reward pertime if I do the dishes.
I managed the task, and persisted it for 3 years. Gradually, I became a hard-working person thourgh this process, which later contribute to my success in schoolwork and career.
Thus, I really appreciate their decision of giving me money for doing housework.

<br>


>【TPO28】To protect the health of young children,advertisements for candy and junk food should not be shown on teevision.

To protect the health of young children, I strongly believe that advertisements for candy and junk food should not be shown on television. 
Young children are impressionable and often cannot distinguish between healthy and unhealthy food options. 
For instance, a colorful advertisement for sugary cereals may lead them to think it is a nutritious breakfast choice, which could contribute to obesity.
Furthermore,limiting these advertisements can support parents in promoting healthier diets. 
Research shows that children exposed to fewer junk food ads tend to make better food choices.
By focusing on nutritious meals,families can improve their overal health and well-being.
Ultimately,restricting junk food advertisements **is a crucial step toward** fostering healthier eating habits in young children.

<br>

>【TPO18】it is important to learn about cultures

Agree.
1.equip us with profound knowledge, which can broaden our horizons
2.help us to make friends with others, foster a atmosphere of culture learning
eg  met friends from the US on twitter->share the hobby of watching movies
share ideas about the plot and character from different cultural aspects
->the character eating in a Chinese restaurant, talk about eastern and western cuisines, the usage of chopsticks
->equip us with profound knowledge, which can broaden our horizons,as well as enhance friendship
-> delightful refreshed


<br>

>【TPO14】important to remember and learn from the past

Agree.
1.the fact of the past can instruct us about what to do in the future.
eg the great depression->inform the economist that we need governments' regulation to prevent the loss
2.equip us with profound knowledge, which can broaden our horizons
eg learn the traditional festivals
eg dragon boat festival-> folks about eating zongzi and rowing dragon boat->recognize our identity->foster a sense of belonging

<br>

>【TPO1】Some people believe that television has had a positiveinfluence on **society**. Others believe it has had a negative influence on society   

Television has a sianificant positive influence on our society for several reasons. 
Firstly, it serves as a powerful educational tool, providing access to documentaries and informative programs that enhance our knowledge of the world.
For instance shows like "Planet Farth" not only entertain but also educate viewers about the importance of conservation.
Secondly,television promotes cultural exchange by showcasing diverse perspectives and traditions from around the globe, 
This exposure fosters understanding and empathy among differentcommunities.